The things you saw...they're here.
Find Emily,
and meet me at the back entrance.
Go!
Ash!
What's happening?
Those things are here.
We have to go, now.
Stay behind me.
What about the babies?
Ash!
- Mum there's something outside.
- I know.
Come on, we've got to go.
Mum, it's fine. I can see.
What's that?
It doesn't matter. We have to go back!
They're waiting for us.
No, no, no, the babies...
You won't make it, Ash! Go!
Mum...
What's wrong?
I can feel something.
What do you feel?
I don't know, but it's getting stronger.
Okay, let's head back.
In here!
Come on, come this way, this way...
Wait, wait, wait!
We can't just leave them.
You, you owe me!
Please.
It's too dangerous.
You will die!
Look here.
Yes, you know!
Come on!
Mum!
Come on, let's go!
Sacha!
How much further is it?
About 10 km.
Is it where you grew up?
My parents still live there and
my son went to stay with them
for the holidays.
How old is he?
He's 15.
You want me to do the math for you?
I was 15 when I had him.
Oh, that's fine.
I get it all the time.
At first people think I'm his sister, but..ah...
when they learn I'm his mother
I can see in their faces...
"slut!"
Come on, I'm sure that's not true.
How do you know?
Sorry, I was just...
Yeah, people can be really shitty sometimes.
Don't worry about it.
Maybe we can find them
by tracking their sounds.
What do you need?
We need the parabolic dish to
locate the source.
We have to fix the dishes
and connect them to the generator.
Can they detect it?
Yes.
I'm tired.
I know.
You'll be able to sleep soon.
Emily?
My sight's gone again.
I can't see anything.
Right, here we go.
Thank you.
There is nothing you could have done.
You could have died for them.
It would have been for nothing.
She would have wanted me
to look after them.
Who?
My girlfriend, Hayley...
She was 14 weeks.
We were going to have a boy.
If you don't want to go, we...
...we could stay another day...
But...but if we're going to go, we should...
we should go now.
Helen?
The potentiometer is working.
The dishes are detecting something.
We can use a different algorithm
to clean up the sound.
I've found the source.
It moving.
Where's it going?
I'm trying to follow it.
The signal's getting weaker.
Is it flying?
The signal's dropping out.
Do something.
We're losing it.
It's gone.
What's its last position?
44.7472 degrees North.
5.7691 degrees East.
It's nearby...
in this valley.
The signal was constant for 24 hours
and now it suddenly disappears...
Maybe they've detected us.
We're going to take a look.
Nathan, get the men ready.
Yes, Colonel.
What about me?
I leave some men here.
They can provide security here, okay?
I should stay here, but ...
You want answers.
We leave in an hour.
Do you want some water?
Thanks.
What is the thing you are
doing with your hands?
Piano practice.
It's weird the things you miss.
Your accent...where are you from?
Sudan.
You're a long way from home.
There is a civil war in my country.
I came to escape the fighting.
That went well.
Is that how you know about
guns and stuff?
Maybe I should get a gun?
I don't know if...
That was a joke.
'Cause...
Can you tell me about where you're from?
Please?
It's a small village in the South,
by the White Nile river.
It's beautiful.
What's that?
It is a present from Johannes.
It's my birthday soon.
There are so many people I will never see again.
It's so hard to believe.
Aren't you going to open it?
Yes...but not now.
Here, let me help.
It is normal to be scared.
Aren't you ever afraid?
Yes, yes.
But over time you learn
to hide your fear.
Not too tight?
You want me to go in first?
No.
There is nobody here.
Whose is this?
It was on the sofa.
Chloé...
Wait!
Those things are here!
They'll hear you!
You need to be here...
You're going to get us both killed!
You need to be here for him
for when he comes home.
Come on.
There's enough stuff...
What colour is this one?
It's purple.
If he's dead it's because of me.
I have sent Sacha away to my parents.
I needed a break from him.
Because he's very difficult sometimes, and...
He didn't want to go, and...
we fought.
But I sent him away.
You didn't know what was going to happen.
He said he hated me.
And I said sometimes,
"I hate you too."
I love him so much.
He knows that.
He knows.
Do you really believe your family's alive?
Yeah, I have to.
It's the only way to keep going.
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
Do you know how to use that?
Not even remotely.
I design advertising campaigns
soap and toothpastes.
I guess I should learn.
Who are you?
Hey what's...
Put the weapon down.
No, no, no!
It's okay! It's okay!
How did you get that?
I...I don't speak French.
He doesn't speak French.
Shasha!
I was worried to death!
Are you okay?
Are you injured?
No, I'm fine.
I knew you were coming back.
Where are Grandma and Grandpa?
Sorry.
I will never abandon you again.
I thought you were....
It's been such a long time.
Are you all right, Mom?
You look shocked.
Yes.
Oh, this is my partner.
Hello.
Who is that?
It's Jonathan. We walked here together.
This is my son, Sacha.
Hi.
Hello.
We were on our way home,
looking for a hiding place.
It was like Grandma and Grandpa
had a stroke.
I tried to help them.
The people around me
fell down dead.
I couldn't anything.
He's very brave.
He stayed really calm.
It was very brave of him.
Where are Mum and Dad now?
We buried them in the garden.
We can go and see them if you want.
Yes, please.
Don't stay outside for too long.
Alexi?
Go with them.
No, it's okay.
It's better.
Are you hungry?
Yes.
Do you want something to eat?
Ah...yeah, thanks.
Thank you for bringing my sister home.
We were heading the same way.
Have you seen many survivors?
Yeah, a few.
No one but Chloé since then.
You've seen them ?
Yeah.
Have you any idea why
they want to kill us?
Maybe for the same reasons
we kill each other.
Maybe they enjoy it.
They are not here yet, but...
they will be coming.
What makes you so sure?
Because there are people here.
They want to kill us all.
I'd kill for pizza.
- Don't they cook them on wood burning stoves?
- Aha.
Do they still work?
Oh, you want to open a pizza restaurant?
That's a great idea.
Shut up.
Stop it, please.
Did someone take my pistol?
Where is Ash?
You're going after him aren't you?
Be careful.
What is it?
It's too quiet.
Take cover!
Get out of here!
Try to get some sleep.
I will never abandon you again.
I promise.
Go to sleep.
Sorry.
Sorry. I didn't know you were sleeping.
What are you doing?
Checking you're okay.
Where's Sacha?
He's sleeping.
Then let him sleep.
Am I disturbing you?
When they attacked...
everyone who was outside fell down dead.
Except him.
Isn't that crazy?
Any idea why?
That Jonathan seems sympathetic to me.
Just a bit of a...cotton ball.
No idea, I barely know him.
Is something going on between you?
Are you doing it?
He's married.
That hasn't stopped you...
I haven't seen you in ages.
It's been such a long time.
Your hair is nice.
I like it.
You can take this room.
I'll sleep with Sacha.
Sacha talked about you a lot.
He really loves you.
It was good to hang out with him.
We never...
discussed it.
There's nothing to say.
How long have you known?
I'm tired.
- I want to go to sleep. I want to sleep.
- For how long?
Chloé?
When did you find out?
As soon as I looked into his eyes.
I wanted to give him up for adoption,
but I couldn't.
I don't know what you think happened...
I know exactly what happened.
We had sex.
That's not true.
I know it was wrong.
You raped me!
No!
Think what you want.
I know very well what you did to me.
You're lying.
Why would you lie?
She knew what you did.
Mum knew.
When she looked at Sacha,
she saw you.
That's why she made sure
we never visited at the same time.
So you and Sacha...
would never meet.
Did you think that was a coincidence?
When she looked at Sacha,
she saw you!
That's not true!
She died knowing...
her son had raped his sister.
You always walked around
in your underwear.
You slept with all those boys....
You wanted me to hear it!
You did it all the time!
You provoked me!
What do you think that did to me, huh?
You played games with me!
You knew what you were doing!
I love my son dearly.
But it's horrible that he looks like you.
Are you sure you want to protect him?
Maybe you want something to happen to him?
I can protect him...
I can protect you both.
You take the bed...
I'm sleeping downstairs.
Let's stop here for the night.
Are you cold?
Put on my jacket.
No.
Dan would have wanted us to live.
He wouldn't want you to...
I know, I know.
I can't lose you as well.
Wake me up when you get tired.
Anything?
Yanis and Lucas?
They're dead.
Is everything okay?
Are you hungry?
No.
Come on...eat something.
Shhh, I know it hurts,
but you have to be quiet.
They've taken them.
Why would they do that?